The fork syscall creates an exact copy of the parent process. xv6 implements it 
using the "direct copying" approach, which simply makes a copy of the parents memory
and other resources. However, as we know, this way is not effcient. In this project, 
I have added the CoW functionality to the xv6 OS.

Testing:

The test program source code (cowtest.c) is in the base code. The four test cases
handled are explained as follows:

1. The parent process creates one child processes. Before fork(), the parent checks the
number of free memory frames1 (short as "NFMF" in the following) (suppose it is v1).
After fork(), the parent just checks NFMF (suppose it is v2).
The child first sleeps for some time (to let the parent finish its job), then checks the NFMF
(suppose it is v3).
After the parent calls wait() for its child process, it checks the NFMF (suppose it is v4).
A correct CoW implementation should have the following:
(a) v1 == v4, otherwise memory frames leak happened with CoW implementation.
(b) v2 == v3, and the value of (v1􀀀v2) when with CoW (i.e., CoW implementation) should
be smaller than that when without CoW (i.e., the base code).

2. The parent process creates one child processes. Before fork(), the parent checks the NFMF
(v1).
After fork(), the parent just checks the NFMF (v2).
The child first sleeps for some time (to let the parent finish its job),, then checks the NFMF
(v3), reads a global variable, and checks the NFMF (v4) again.
After the parent calls wait() for its child process, it checks the NFMF (v5).
A correct CoW implementation should have the following:
(a) v1 == v5, otherwise memory frames leak happened with CoW implementation.
(b) v2 == v3 == v4, and the value of (v1 - v2) when with CoW should be smaller than
that when without CoW.

3. The parent process creates one child processes. Before fork(), the parents checks the
NFMF (v1).
After fork(), the parents checks the NFMF (v2), reads a global variable, checks the NFMF
(v3) again.
The child first sleeps for some time (to let the parent finish its job), then checks the NFMF
(v4), modifies the global variable, and checks the NFMF (v5) again;
After the parent calls wait() for its child process, it checks the NFMF (v6).
A correct CoW implementation should have the following:
(a) v1 == v6, otherwise memory frames leak happened with CoW implementation.
(b) v2 == v3 == v4, and (v4 - v5) == 1.

4. The parent process creates one child processes, and there is a global array A that spans two
pages (page size is 4096 byte). Before fork(), the parents checks the NFMF (v1).
After fork(), the parents checks the NFMF (v2), modifies an array element of A that
locates in the first page, checks the NFMF (v3) again;
The child first sleeps for some time (to let parent finish its job), then checks the NFMF (v4),
modifies an array element of A that also locates in the first page, and checks the NFMF
(v5). Then the child modifies an array element of A that locates in the second page, and
checks the NFMF (v6) again;
After the parent calls wait() for its child process, it checks the NFMF (v7).
A correct CoW implementation should have the following:
(a) v1 == v7, otherwise memory frames leak happened with CoW implementation.
(b) (v2 - v3) == 1, v3 == v4 == v5, and (v5 - v6) == 1.